Custom envs (#370)
swan-cern/jupyter-extensions: README.md

* [HdfsBrowser](HdfsBrowser) - Extension to browse Hadoop
* [SparkConnector](SparkConnector) - Helper to connect to CERN's Spark Clusters
* [SwanContents](SwanContents) - Contents Manager for Jupyter with Projects functionality and SWAN templates

> * [SwanCustomEnvironments](SwanCustomEnvironments) - Extension to provide support for venvs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [SwanCustomEnvironments](SwanCustomEnvironments) - Extension to provide support for custom software environments
```
